I am a problem-solver and DevOps engineer by heart. I love using my resourcefulness and creativity to solve any kind of problem whether it be Linux infrastructure related, Python, Cloud, automation, social (human behavior is SO interesting!), or even carefully placing almost undetectable amounts of tape on my windshield to temporarily prevent a chip on the glass from spreading. I am a builder and a fixer. I really enjoy collaboration work, open and thorough communication, authentic connections, and highlighting/leveraging strengths within members of my team.

I worked as an elementary school teacher (1st and 2nd grade) for 2 years before deciding to switch careers and study computer science at the University of Texas. My first job in tech was at Hostgator helping people set up or troubleshoot their websites. After six months of working there as a technician, I was promoted to serve as their corporate trainer. As a trainer, I discovered my attraction for Linux and troubleshooting security issues. I fully immersed myself in Linux for a few months before I moved on to Rackspace as a Linux SysAdmin. I spent 4.5 years working on RedHat/Centos, Ubuntu/Debian systems, on-prem, virtual, cloud, networking, security, bash scripting, Ansible playbooks, and eventually automation. A Taos recruiter reached out to me on Linked In and suggested the DevOps engineer position in San Jose,CA. I decided to make the move to Silicon Valley as a leap of faith, looking for a deeper level of fulfillment in life, learning more about myself and tech, focusing on living my best life and working hard to become a better version of myself every day.

I am the proud momma of a 4lb teacup Yorkie named Lexie. In August 2018, Lexie and I moved from Austin,TX to Sunnyvale,CA. My hobbies include: Salsa dancing, making people laugh (LOVE comedy!), discovering new food or entertainment places here in the Bay Area, traveling (near or far), learning more about passive income investments/tools and the stock market, fun Python projects with my friends, movies/art galleries/broadway shows or plays, and spending quality time with my friends and family.

Github: pa90la 
Email: plagos@taos.com
